Andrew Cornelio
acornel9 

Briefly justify the structure of your program; why you defined the functions you did, etc
	The first thing (hw3) main does is determined whether the right number of CL arguments were
	passed. Then it calls the function read_text. read_text is convenient because it takes a file
	name and the desired string length (1501 in all cases) and it reads from that file and returns
	a fully capitalized character array pointer with no whitespace and only A,T,G, and C, or it
	returns a null if the text was invalid somehow. It handles all the errors associated with text
	reading and the specifics of the assigment, and it also closes the file when it's done. This
	function takes over all the hardships of parsing a text file.

	The other important function is match_pattern, this essentially just follows and fleshes out
	the naive matching algorithm provided in the documentation for the assignment. It is important
	but it is mostly self explanatory. It returns the index of the first occurence of the pattern
	it finds in the string.

	The other two functions were mostly just helper functions that consolidated code. I needed to 
	capitalize the text of both patterns and text so making a function of it made sense from a code 
	reuse standpoint. That is the same for the valid fuction which runs 3 standard checks on either
	the pattern of the text to see if it follows the rules. The only thing to note about it is that
	in the one line that sees if the length of an array is 0 or negative. Although the negative seems
	trivial and unnecessary, it is important because of a glitch in the read_text function that occurs
	when reading files with no text in them. The length of the string that is calculated is -1. This 
	glitch is relatively unimportant and it is not worth fixing since the valid function takes care of it.

If applicable: Highlight anything you did that was particularly clever
	This is not particularly clever, but I found it convienient to return null pointers from functions as a
	way to handle errors.

If applicable: Tell the graders if you couldn’t do everything.  Where did you stop?
What did you get stuck on?  What are the parts you already know do not work according to the requirements?
	As far as I am aware my code jives with the requirements. However, the test_dna file is somewhat
	hideous. I was going to use 2d arrays so that I could simplify the code with loops, but I would of
	needed a jagged array and a way to track all the lengths, which again is annoying because pointers 
	don't track lengths. I gave up and just added a lot of checks manually. As a result, a lot of the
	file is repetitive and hardcoded. 

